Release v1.10.0 (#81)
ReachFive/identity-web-core-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v.1.10.0

> - add paramaters `returnToAfterPasswordReset` for reset password and parameter `returnToAfterEmailConfirmation` for signup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 05/02/2020

### Features
- Add the `returnToAfterPasswordReset` parameter for reset password and the `returnToAfterEmailConfirmation` parameter for signup.
```
